Update README and other documentation (#711)
nsidc/qgreenland: doc/what_is_qgr.md

QGreenland is a free and open-source Greenland-focused GIS environment for data
analysis and viewing, powered by [QGIS](https://qgis.org). QGreenland is

> delivered as a Zip package containing a core set of data curated to serve the
> majority of users. This package is referred to as **QGreenland Core**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
delivered as a Zip package containing a core set of data curated to serve a
broad user base. This package is referred to as **QGreenland Core**.
```

I don't like using the word "majority" here, it's too specific.

See our tutorial on how to get started with QGreenland Core
[here](/user/tutorials/get-started.md)!

```{attention}

> The QGIS Plugin **[QGreenland Custom](https://plugins.qgis.org/plugins/qgreenland/)

Reviewer: I like this much better!
